[No QA] Add 'How to enable Mark as Paid' section to Workspace Workflows help doc (#92300)
Expensify/App: docs/articles/new-expensify/workspaces/Workspace-Workflows.md

---

## How to enable Mark as Paid

> If you prefer to reimburse your employees using a method outside of Expensify—for example, via payroll or cash—and you don't want to connect a bank account, you can enable **Payments** to allow you to **Mark as Paid**. This lets you record reimbursements that happen outside of Expensify without setting up a payment account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How to enable Mark as Paid

If you reimburse employees through another method, such as payroll or cash, you can enable **Payments** without connecting a bank account. This allows you to use **Mark as Paid** to record reimbursements processed outside of Expensify.
```

1. In the **navigation tabs** (on the left on web, and at the bottom on mobile), click **Workspaces** > your **workspace name** > **Workflows**.

> 2. Toggle on **Payments**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the navigation tabs (on the left on web, and at the bottom on mobile), click **Workspaces > [Workspace name > Workflows**.
2. Enable **Payments**.
```
